The Messenger: add webhost auto connection steps to guide (#3904)
ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago: worlds/messenger/docs/setup_en.md

## Joining a MultiWorld Game

### Automatic Connection on archipelago.gg

> 1. Go to the room page for the game you are going to join.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the room page of the MultiWorld you are going to join.
```
Game is used later and is confusing

> 2. Click on your name on the left side.

Reviewer: Tiny nitpick, but 
```suggestion
2. Click on your slot name on the left side.
```

3. Click the "The Messenger" button in the prompt.
4. Follow the remaining prompts. This process will check that you have the mod installed and will also check for updates

>    before launching the game.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   before launching The Messenger.
```

> 5. Start a new save. You will already be connected in game and do not need to go through the menus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Start a new save. You will already be connected in The Messenger and do not need to go through the menus.
```

## Joining a MultiWorld Game

### Automatic Connection on archipelago.gg

1. Go to the room page of the MultiWorld you are going to join.
2. Click on your slot name on the left side.
3. Click the "The Messenger" button in the prompt.
4. Follow the remaining prompts. This process will check that you have the mod installed and will also check for updates
   before launching The Messenger. If you are using the Steam version of The Messenger you may also get a prompt from

>    Steam asking if the game should be launched with arguments. These arguments are the URI with which the mod uses to

Reviewer 2: I think you can just remove this word
```suggestion
   Steam asking if the game should be launched with arguments. These arguments are the URI which the mod uses to
```
